Add contributing doc and theme template (#142)
PrismJS/prism-themes: CONTRIBUTING.md

-   [Creating new themes](#creating-new-themes)

## Filing bug reports

If you run into an error or a bug while using a theme from this repository:

1.  Confirm that the bug lies with the theme and not Prism or one of its plugins. You can check by swapping the theme out for another theme. If the issue lies with Prism or one of its plugins, please head over to the [main repository](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism) instead.
    -   In addition, please be sure that you only have one theme loaded! Having multiple themes loaded may result in conflicting or unexpected styles.

2.  Check [existing issues (both open and closed)](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism-themes/issues?q=is%3Aissue) to see if it had previously been reported and/or resolved. If an existing issue exists, please leave a comment on it instead of creating a new issue.

3.  [Open a new issue](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism-themes/issues/new/choose) with a clear and concise title, and include any relevant information such as:
    -   The name of the theme you're having an issue with
    -   Any plugins that you're using, if applicable

>     -   Screenshots and/or a reproducible sample

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be "example"?

    -   Browser information

### Security issues

> In the case of security issues, please check our [Security Policy](SECURITY.md) for details instead.

Reviewer: I think it's better to link the page GitHub gives us.

```suggestion
In the case of security issues, please check our [Security Policy](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism-themes/security/policy) for details instead.
```

Author: Oh nice! I didn't know GitHub has a dedicated page for it.

> In particular, if you discover a security issue, please **do not** file a public issue, and instead, send a report privately to **insert email here**, and we will correspond with you from there.

Author: Ah I see. Hmm, I'm not very sure what to do here.

I was thinking of simply linking to the security doc in the main repo, but the potential security issues there would be quite unlike the potential security issues here! (I just googled this actually, I really had no idea that CSS could have security issues previously! Interesting stuff.) Maybe I could phrase it in the same way that highlight.js does, but this assumes that Prism sets up an email address for security concerns. Additionally, these ideas hinge on that PR being merged or a point-of-contact being set up. In the meantime, would it be alright to direct them to your email? Or should I leave it out first?

Anyway, I don't plan on marking this PR as ready for review at least until next Friday, so at minimum I can revisit the CSS comments with fresher eyes, and maybe by then, the security policy at the main repo would be further developed.

Also, in the bigger picture, should the policy be housed in a separate `SECURITY.md` instead?

> In particular, if you discover a security issue, please **do not** file a public issue, and instead, send a report privately to **insert email here**, and we will correspond with you from there.

Reviewer: > I just googled this actually, I really had no idea that CSS could have security issues previously! Interesting stuff.

lol. I did that too before making the review and was surprised I found anything.

>  it be alright to direct them to your email? 

Yes. For the time being, it's ok. Please us the address msrd0000@gmail.com

> Also, in the bigger picture, should the policy be housed in a separate `SECURITY.md` instead?

Good point. You're right, it should be in its own file.

> In particular, if you discover a security issue, please **do not** file a public issue, and instead, send a report privately to **insert email here**, and we will correspond with you from there.

Author: Alright! I'll submit a separate PR for it so it doesn't have to sit until Friday.

## Discussing the project

Perhaps you have some thoughts on Prism Themes, whether it's the state of the code, documentation, features you think might be useful, or simply want to know when the next release will be because you really like the latest theme and want to use it! Please [open a new issue](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism-themes/issues/new/choose) and let us know!

## Submitting Pull Requests

Whether it's documentation or code, Prism Themes welcomes Pull Requests! (If you're specifically looking to contribute a brand new theme, the next section on [Creating new themes](#creating-new-themes) would be more relevant.)

1.  Fork this repository and create a new branch. It is possible that you do not have to clone it to your machine if you do not have to regenerate theme screenshots. If you need help at any point, please reach out by [opening a new issue](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism-themes/issues/new/choose)!

2.  Make the changes.

3.  Commit the changes, and include clear and concise commit messages when doing so.

4.  Once you're done making the changes, [submit a Pull Request](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism-themes/compare)!

>     -   If your Pull Request resolves an open issue (or more), please include `closes #issuenumber` (for each issue) in the description.

Reviewer: Might as well link the relevant documentation. I.e. I used to make quite a few PRs before I knew closing keywords were a thing.

```suggestion
    -   If your Pull Request resolves an open issue (or more), please include [`closes #issuenumber`](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword) (for each issue) in the description.
```

#### Ensure that your token selectors include the `.token` class

Prism adds the class `.token` to the, well, tokens, that it highlights with its wizardry magic. As such, all tokens that are highlighted by Prism will include the `.token` class. When you declare a style for a specific token, please make sure to include the `.token` class in your selector!

```css
/* Do this */
.token.token-name {
	/* styles */
}

/* Do not do this */
.token-name {
	/* styles */
}
```

#### Maintain a font size of `1em` for code blocks

Some of Prism's plugins assume that the `pre` and `code` elements have the same font size, else there will be bugs pertaining to misaligned and so forth. As such, please set the `font-size` of `code[class*="language-"], pre[class*="language-"]` to `1em`, i.e.:

```css
code[class*="language-"],
pre[class*="language-"] {
	font-size: 1em;
	/* more styles */
}
```

#### Do not set the `overflow` property of `pre` elements

The `overflow` property of `pre` elements must be left unset, or set to `auto`. This is because other `overflow` values will cause problems with layouts based on `float` or flexboxes.

> One notable exception is the original Coy theme because its shadows are impossible to implement otherwise.

Author: Hmm, I'm not so sure about that, since I did write about not using CSS variables (for V1) earlier. Though maybe I could just remove it anyway, since I added a comment in the code that `overflow: auto` is the standard.

> One notable exception is the original Coy theme because its shadows are impossible to implement otherwise.

Reviewer: It feels weird mentioning Coy here. Coy is a pretty weird theme in more ways than one (which causes us a few problems).

You really shouldn't do the weird stuff Coy does, so I don't want someone reading this getting the impression "if Coy (a pretty popular theme) does it, then it's fine for me to do it too"!
